  These files are used for simulating 1D random walks of unit step size and equal probabilities of stepping to the left/right. If not specified, the walk will start at the origin by default.  
As for the implementation for the notebook file, there are 2 stages: initial and final.


  The initial stage starts with simulating such a 1D random walk aforementioned, where a box & whisker plot and histogram for all the positions in a simulated walk will be visualized, along with a plot of the position of the walker with respect to the step count.

Then a trial of random walks was implemented. That is, the goal is to determine the expected net displacement of a random walk of a certain step count. So a trial of measurements/walks, is a collection of multiple random walks, all defined to start at the origin and to have the same step count. Each walk's net displacement would be recorded/measured to calculate the expected net displacement, with respect to the defined step count. The standard deviation for the net displacment would be calculated from this as well. Data visualization involves the same box & whisker plot and histogram as before, except for net displacements from simulated random walks, not positions for an individually simulated random walk. It's here that we approximate the continuous probability distribution of net displacements with a gaussian model, which improves its predicitions as step count becomes large. The position vs step count plot is provided as well except for more than one simulated random walk. An additional plot for net displacement vs the number of simulated walks is also provided, where the expected net displacement along with one standard deviation is plotted with respect to the number of simulated walks. The interval from the negative square root of step count to the positive square root of step count is also plotted to display the convergence of the standard deviation towards the square root of step count, as the number of walks increases.

Then it's from here that a list was implemented, that is, a list of trials. Like what a trial is for a walk, a list is for a trial: a collection of trials. Now just like a physics experiment, a step count can be established for a trial and have, for example, 100 generated random walks of that step count to determine the expected net displacement and standard deviation with respect to that step count. This can be repeated for as many trials as desired, assuming that the step count increases in some way for each trial, respectively. That way, the standard deviations respective to a given step count can be plotted against the step count as it becomes large. Thus at this point, it can be verified that the variance of a random walk is directly proportional to the step count due to the standard deviations exhibiting a positive square root of step count trend as step count becomes large. 


As for the final stage of development, the individually simulated random walk and individual trial simulations were revisited to implement an entropy plot for both scenarios. Entropy vs position for an individually generated random walk and Entropy vs Net Displacements for a trial of simulated random walks. 

Then boundaries symmetric with respect to the origin were implemented and imposed on simulated random walks and trial simulations. The same data visualization is displayed like before but with the additional consideration that positions/net displacements are confined within a symmetric real-valued interval.

Finally, to then see that entropy is logarithmic. Each trial of simulated random walks, with boundaries, for a given step count has an associated entropy, where the max entropy is the sum of the entropy over all probabilities for the net displacements of the trial. So the max entropy of each trial was collected and plotted as the step count becomes large. To where, it can be seen that maximal entropy is logarithmic and can be modeled as such using a series approximate up to any order term (16th-Order log term was used as the best fitted logarithm model). The standard deviations vs step count is still an optional data visualization, though it is noted that the imposed boundaries also cause the standard deviation to be logarithmic (no longer behaving like the square root of step count) and the same log order terms were fitted to the standard deviations.
